( crowd murmuring )
Sachio: POPS, ARE YOU SURE
THAT THIS IS A GOOD IDEA?
Nanbu: YEAH.
IT'S ALL THAT WE'VE GOT.
( swallows )
Referee: ALL RIGHT, FOLKS.
TIME FOR TONIGHT'S OPENING BOUT!
IN THE EAST CORNER,
THE 150th‐RANKED
I.M.A. FIGHTER,
SHARK SAMEJIMA!
( crowd cheering )
( sign dings )
( Nanbu groans )
( Sachio sighs )
Referee: AND IN THE WEST CORNER,
MAKING HIS I. M. A. PROFESSIONAL
FIGHTING DEBUT TONIGHT,
RANK 257...
"GEARLESS" JOE!
♪
Nanbu: IT'S TIME.
LET'S DO THIS, JOE.
Joe: YEAH.
Sachio: THIS IS TOTALLY NUTS,
ISN'T IT?
Nanbu: THINK SOMEONE SANE
WOULD TRY THIS?
NO FRIGGIN' WAY.
♪
( singing in Japanese )
Sachio: WHAT? ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
Nanbu: THIS MAKES
ALL THOSE FIXED FIGHTS
LOOK LIKE CAKEWALKS.
IT'S THE BIGGEST GAMBLE
OF MR. GANSAKU NANBU'S LIFE.
Sachio: BUT YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT MEGALO‐BOXING
‐ WITHOUT ANY GEAR!
‐ Nanbu: THINK ABOUT IT.
WE'VE GOTTA FIND A WAY TO GET
INTO THE TOP RANKINGS, RIGHT?
WHO AT THE TOP
IS GONNA WANT TO FIGHT
AN UNKNOWN
FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE TABLE?
I'LL TELL YOU.
NOBODY, THAT'S WHO.
SO WE NEED
TO CREATE SOMETHING,
GIVE 'EM A LITTLE TASTE
OF THE GEARLESS FIGHTS
ONLY YOU CAN OFFER.
( crunching )
I CAN ONLY PUT TOGETHER
FIVE MATCHES
IN THE THREE MONTHS
'TIL MEGALONIA.
THE FIRST THREE
WILL BE TO BUILD UP YOUR REP,
AND YOU'LL BE FIGHTING THEM
WITHOUT ANY GEAR ON.
WE'LL SELL THE WORLD
ON "GEARLESS" JOE.
Sachio: "GEARLESS" JOE? REALLY?
Nanbu: THAT'S RIGHT.
ANYONE WANTING
TO MAKE A NAME FOR THEMSELVES
IS GONNA BE CHOMPING AT THE BIT.
( Sachio gulps )
Nanbu: THEY'LL KNOW
A MATCH WITH "GEARLESS" JOE
WILL GET 'EM
THE ATTENTION THEY WANT.
THE REAL FIGHTS
WILL BE THE FINAL TWO,
AND WE'LL BE USING THOSE
TO ADVANCE INTO THE TOP RANKS.
A FAKE I. D., FIVE STRAIGHT WINS,
AND STARTING OUT BY FIGHTING
WITHOUT GEAR, THAT'S MY PLAN.
JOE, THIS IS GONNA BE
ONE ROUGH BLUFF.
IF YOU WANNA GET
INTO THE BIG RING,
THEN THIS IS YOUR BEST BET.
BUT YOU'LL BE PUTTING
SOMETHING ON THE LINE, TOO.
Joe: THE STAKES
DON'T SEEM RIGHT.
Nanbu: HUH?
Joe: WE'RE NOT
JUST TRYING TO GET IN.
YOU'RE FORGETTING SOMETHING.
WE'RE TRYING TO WIN THIS THING.
( Nanbu gasps )
Joe: "SOMETHING ON THE LINE"
WON'T CUT IT.
IF I'M BETTING,
I'M BETTING EVERYTHING.
‐ ( crowd murmuring )
‐ Man: THIS IS INSANE!
Man #2: GEARLESS?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
Man #3: GOTTA BE RIGGED!
Man #4: SHARK'S
GONNA MURDER HIM!
Man #5: THIS GUY IS CRAZY!
Man #6: HEY, DID YOU
FORGET SOMETHING?!
Man #7: YOU NEED A LOAN
TO BUY SOME GEAR?
‐ ( Sachio groans )
‐ Man #8: GIMME A BREAK!
Man #9: YOU'RE GONNA DIE, MAN!
Samejima: YOU SCREWING
WITH ME, ASSHOLE?!
Man #10: NO WAY. HOW'S HE
GONNA SURVIVE THE MATCH?
Referee: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
ALLOW ME
TO EXPLAIN THE SITUATION.
PRIOR TO TONIGHT'S MATCH,
JOE'S TEAM REQUESTED
THAT HE BE ALLOWED
TO FIGHT THIS MATCH
WITHOUT THE USE OF GEAR.
‐ Man #11: SERIOUSLY?!
‐ Man #12: THAT'S INSANE!
Man #13: WHAT THE HELL?!
IS HE SCREWING AROUND?
Referee: AFTER REVIEWING
I. M. A. MEGALOBOX REGULATIONS,
NOTHING WAS FOUND THAT PROHIBITS
FIGHTING WITHOUT GEAR.
THUS, THE MATCH
WILL PROCEED AS PLANNED
ACCORDING TO THE STANDARD RULES.
Man #14: SAMEJIMA, THIS GUY
THINKS MEGALO‐BOXING IS A JOKE!
‐ MURDER HIM!
‐ ( Samejima growling )
Referee: THREE‐MINUTE ROUNDS.
NO ROUND LIMIT.
THE WINNER OF THIS MATCH WILL
BE DECIDED BY T. K. O. OR K. O.
THREE INTENTIONAL FOULS,
YOU'RE DISQUALIFIED. UNDERSTOOD?
Samejima: I'M GONNA DESTROY YOU!
Joe: YOU CAN TRY.
( Samejima growls )
( men together )
PUT THAT GUY IN THE GROUND!
Man #15: QUIT SCREWING AROUND!
Nanbu: THIS GUY IS
ALL BRUTE FORCE, YOU HEAR?
JUST USE YOUR FEET
LIKE WE PRACTICED,
AND YOU'LL
HAVE A KNOCKOUT, OKAY?
BUT WATCH OUT
FOR FOULS AND CHEAP SHOTS.
THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT THIS BASTARD
MIGHT PULL WHEN HE'S PISSED.
Joe: 'KAY.
‐ ( rotors whirring )
‐ HUH?
Cornerman: IT'S ONLY A GIMMICK.
HE'S JUST
TRYING TO PROVOKE YOU.
STAY COOL. YOU GOT IT?
( Samejima growls )
( Joe breathing heavily )
‐ Nanbu: JOE, YOU ALL RIGHT?
‐ ( Joe sighs )
Nanbu: IF YOU WANNA RUN,
THIS IS YOUR FINAL CHANCE.
Joe: ARE YOU FREAKIN' KIDDING?
I'VE NEVER FELT
THIS PUMPED UP BEFORE.
( chuckles )
I'M SHAKING WITH EXCITEMENT.
( Sachio gasps )
( horn blows )
♪
( Samejima growls )
Nanbu: THAT'S THE WAY, KID!
YOU'RE IN TOTAL CONTROL!
( Gear whirs )
( Samejima roars )
( Joe growls )
Samejima: YOU LITTLE SHIT!
( Joe panting )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
Sachio: POPS,
THAT LOOKED LIKE IT HURT!
Nanbu: NAH, HE'S GOT THIS.
HE DIDN'T TAKE
THE BRUNT OF THAT HIT.
GET UP, JOE!
( Joe gasping )
( Sachio muted ) Joe!
‐ Joe! Get up, Joe!
‐ ( sounds echoing distantly )
Samejima: SEE HOW EASY THAT WAS?
‐ Computer: FIVE...
‐ ( Samejima laughs )
‐ ( heart beating )
‐ Sachio: JOE! GET UP!
Nanbu: YOU CAN DO IT, JOE!
( heart beating )
Sachio: NOW! JOE, GET UP!
Nanbu: JOE!
Sachio: JOE!
Computer: SEVEN...
( crowd cheering )
Nanbu and Sachio: JOE!
‐ ( Joe gasps )
‐ ( normal sound resumes )
Samejima: HUH? HMM?
( crowd murmuring )
Computer: NINE...
( crowd cheering )
Joe: I'M GOOD.
LET'S KEEP GOING.
Both: JOE!
Man #16: KEEP AT IT, SAMEJIMA!
TAKE HIM OUT!
Man #17: FINISH HIM OFF!
‐ ( Samejima roars )
‐ ( horn blows )
( Joe panting )
Samejima: DAMN IT.
Man #18: LOOKING GOOD, SAMEJIMA!
Man #14: KEEP IT UP!
YOU GOT THIS!
Nanbu: COME ON, JOE!
‐ GET BACK HERE NOW!
‐ Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE.
A SINGLE MISTAKE
CAN COST YOU EVERYTHING.
DON'T LET IT HAPPEN AGAIN!
Joe: I KNOW. I KNOW.
I'LL TAKE HIM DOWN NEXT TIME.
( Nanbu muted )
DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT
SLUGGING IT OUT WITH THIS GUY.
BY THE END OF THE ROUND,
YOU WERE JUST STANDING THERE.
LIKE I SAID,
YOU GOTTA USE YOUR FOOTWORK
AND KEEP HIM OFF BALANCE.
YOU'LL GET AN OPENING
SOONER OR LATER.
WHEN IT HAPPENS, TAKE THE SHOT.
JOE?
YOU LISTENING TO ME?
( normal sound ) JOE?
( groans )
WAKE UP! I'M TALKING TO YOU!
‐ ( ice clatters )
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
AW, MAN!
( crowd whooping )
Nanbu: DAMN IT, BOY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
( yelps )
( crowd laughing )
‐ Sachio: SORRY!
‐ Nanbu: DON'T LET THE PRESSURE
GET TO YOU! WHOA!
( laughter fades )
( Joe panting )
♪
( cornerman muted )
KEEP COOL, SAMEJIMA.
YOU NAIL HIM ONCE,
AND THIS IS ALL OVER.
JUST STAY ON HIM.
TRAP HIM IN THE CORNER
SO HE CAN'T GET AWAY. GOT IT?
‐ ( Joe panting )
‐ ( heart beating )
( horn blows )
( Nanbu normal ) HEY, HEY!
WHOA, WHOA! HANG ON A SECOND!
HEY, YOU OKAY?
YOU LISTENIN'? JOE!
( Joe sighs )
DAMN IT.
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
( Samejima growls )
( roars )
♪
( crowd murmuring )
Man: PUT HIM DOWN
FOR GOOD, SAMEJIMA!
( crowd booing )
( Samejima growls )
( Joe panting )
Man #2: QUIT RUNNING!
START FIGHTING!
COWARD! YOU SUCK!
‐ ( Samejima growls )
‐ ( Gear whirs )
Sachio: JOE!
Nanbu: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
Samejima: DAMN THIS GUY.
Man #3: KNOCK HIM DOWN
ON HIS ASS!
Referee: FOUL!
( horn blows )
( beep beep )
Cornerman:
GET OFF HIM, SAMEJIMA!
THINK ABOUT IT! YOU WANT THIS
TO BE YOUR LAST FIGHT?!
THEY SAID YOU'D BE BANNED
PERMANENTLY NEXT TIME!
THAT GUY'S NOT YOUR ENEMY TODAY.
IT'S THAT TEMPER OF YOURS!
( Samejima panting )
( Joe panting )
Nanbu: JOE!
HEY, WAKE THE HELL UP!
YOU TRYING TO MAKE YOURSELF
SHARK FOOD?!
HE COULD HAVE KILLED YOU, MORON!
WHY AREN'T YOU
FIGHTING BACK, HUH?!
AND YOU WERE
WIDE OPEN OUT THERE!
‐ ( beep beep beep )
‐ STOP SCREWING AROUND,
AND NAIL THIS GUY ALREADY.
( applause )
Joe: I KNOW, DAMN IT.
I'M TRYING.
‐ ( horn blows )
‐ Man #4: BRING HIM DOWN!
Man #5: STOP RUNNING AWAY!
Nanbu: WHAT ARE YOU DOING
IN THERE?! FIGHT BACK!
Sachio: HEY, POPS, THERE'S
SOMETHING WRONG WITH JOE! WE G‐‐
Nanbu: WOULD YOU
SHUT UP, ALREADY?!
GET OUT OF MY FACE.
‐ ( Sachio gasps )
‐ ( horn blows )
Man #6: FIGHT HIM, DAMN IT!
Man #7: GO HOME,
AND GET YOURSELF SOME GEAR!
Man #8: YEAH, SAMEJIMA!
Man #9: I DON'T CARE
IF YOU HAVE TO CHEAT!
‐ KILL THAT LITTLE BASTARD!
‐ Nanbu: JOE!
YOU HAVE SOME KIND
OF BEEF WITH ME, OR WHAT?
WE'RE BOTH SCREWED IF YOU
CAN'T WIN THIS, YOU KNOW. THERE.
Joe: JUST CAN IT, POPS!
SHUT UP. JEEZ.
Nanbu: NO, NO, YOU SHUT UP.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?!
Sachio: BACK OFF, POPS!
GIVE IT A REST!
THIS IS NO TIME TO ARGUE!
( Nanbu growls ) SHUT IT!
DON'T BUTT IN, YOU USELESS BRAT!
( Sachio groans )
Nanbu: YOU KNOW,
IF YOU DON'T HIT THE OTHER GUY,
YOU CAN'T WIN, NO MATTER
HOW MANY ROUNDS YOU FIGHT!
Joe: AND IF HIS HITS CAN'T LAND,
I WON'T LOSE.
WORKS TWO WAYS, YOU KNOW.
THAT'S MY STRATEGY,
AND I'M STICKING TO IT.
Nanbu: YOUR STRATEGY
SUCKS BIG TIME.
IF YOU GOT ENERGY
TO MOUTH OFF AT ME,
THEN MAYBE YOU SHOULD CHANNEL IT
INTO SOMETHING MORE USEFUL,
LIKE FEEDING
THAT SHARK BASTARD YOUR FIST!
( sputters )
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU‐‐( coughs )
Sachio: SO THIS IS THE BIGGEST
GAMBLE OF YOUR LIFE, HUH?!
WHAT A JOKE! WE'LL NEVER
MAKE IT INTO MEGALONIA
LIKE THIS, YOU FAT PHONY!
YOU'RE JUST LIKE THOSE JERKS
OUT THERE YELLING!
JOE'S ON THAT MAT
RISKING HIS LIFE,
AND ALL YOU'RE DOING
IS COMPLAINING!
AND YOU'RE NO BETTER,
EITHER, JOE!
‐ ( Joe gasps )
‐ Sachio: YOU REALLY THINK
YOU CAN DO EVERYTHING
ON YOUR OWN?!
THAT'S NOT HOW YOU...
( stammering )
AND I'M NOT CRYING!
Nanbu: LISTEN...
Joe: YEAH, I KNOW.
I JUST HADN'T PROPERLY
WARMED MYSELF UP YET.
IN THE NEXT ROUND‐‐
Nanbu: JOE.
Joe: HUH?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING, POPS?
Nanbu: LISTEN TO ME. FEAR IS
A NATURAL HUMAN INSTINCT, OKAY?
IT'S THERE TO KEEP YOU
AWAY FROM DANGER.
BUT BOXERS
HAVE TO TAKE THAT FEAR
THAT'S SCREAMING AT THEM
AND MASTER IT.
Joe: WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
Nanbu: YOUR BRAIN IS TELLING
YOUR BODY THAT IT'S AFRAID.
( Joe sighs )
Nanbu: YOU CAN'T MOVE
THE WAY YOU USUALLY DO, CAN YOU?
FEELS LIKE YOU'RE
ALL TIED UP, RIGHT?
( chuckles )
SOME TOP‐TIER TRAINER I AM.
I WAS SO FOCUSED ON WINNING
THE MATCH THAT I DIDN'T REALIZE
YOU WERE ACTING
TOTALLY DIFFERENT THAN USUAL.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
GUESS I WAS THE ONE
THE PRESSURE WAS GETTING TO.
( Sachio gasps )
Nanbu: LISTEN,
SACHIO'S RIGHT ABOUT THIS.
IF YOU WANNA GO TO MEGALONIA,
FIGHTING ON YOUR OWN
ISN'T GONNA CUT IT.
JUST REMEMBER,
THERE'S THREE OF US NOW.
Joe: RIGHT. WHAT DO I DO?
‐ ( Nanbu chuckles )
‐ ( horn blows )
( Sachio sighs )
( crowd murmuring )
Samejima: HUH?
( Joe laughs )
( Samejima growls )
Nanbu: THERE YOU GO.
REMEMBER EVERYTHING
YOU PRACTICED UNDER THE BRIDGE.
( Samejima roars )
Nanbu: THAT RHYTHM
THAT WE DRILLED INTO YOU.
( Joe laughs )
Samejima: BASTARD!
( Joe chuckles )
Nanbu: DON'T LET HIM
LEAD OUT THERE.
YOU GOTTA MAKE HIM
DANCE WITH YOU.
( Samejima roars )
Nanbu: THIS AIN'T
THE UNDERGROUND ANYMORE.
‐ Sachio: JOE! GET HIM!
‐ Nanbu: IF YOU WANNA WIN THIS,
YOU GOTTA MAKE THIS YOUR RING.
( Nanbu groans )
( Samejima roars )
Nanbu: DO IT NOW!
Referee: DOWN!
Computer: ONE...
‐ TWO...
‐ ( crowd gasping )
Computer: THREE...
Man #10: NO WAY.
Computer: FOUR...
‐ FIVE...
‐ Man #11: WELL, I'LL BE DAMNED.
Computer: SIX...
SEVEN...
‐ ( crowd gasps )
‐ ( horn blows )
Referee: ONE MINUTE,
17 SECONDS, IN THE THIRD ROUND,
THE WINNER BY KNOCKOUT
IS "GEARLESS" JOE!
( crowd murmuring )
( applause )
Man #12: NICE!
Man #13:
YOU PROVED ME WRONG, KID!
Man #14: THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE!
( crowd murmuring )
( Joe chuckles )
Sachio: HE DID IT! HE DID IT!
‐ POPS, HE REALLY DID IT!
‐ ( both laughing )
Nanbu: THAT'S RIGHT,
THE BASTARD.
HE PULLED IT OFF. HE DID IT.
( crowd cheering )
( cheering fades )
( engine grinding )
( Sachio snoring )
Nanbu: THAT'S ONE DOWN
AND FOUR MORE TO GO,
JUST LIKE I PLANNED IT
FOR YOU, KID.
( Joe chuckles ) OH, IS THAT SO?
THEN WHO WAS THE GUY SULKING,
SAYING, "SOME TOP‐TIER TRAINER
I AM," BETWEEN THE ROUNDS, HUH?
SURE LOOKED LIKE YOU.
Nanbu: HMM? HEY, YOU KNOW,
YOU GET AWFUL DAMN COCKY
ANYTIME SOMEBODY
TRIES TO BE NICE TO YOU.
Joe: OH, YEAH?
YOU WANT A PIECE OF ME, POPS?
Sachio: YOU'RE NEVER
GONNA MAKE IT INTO MEGALONIA
‐ LIKE THIS, YOU FAT PHONY!
‐ ( Nanbu gasping )
HUH?
( Sachio snores )
( mutters )
Nanbu: I THINK
THE BIGGEST CONTRIBUTION TODAY
WAS MADE BY THAT RUNT.
Joe: YEAH.
♪
( boxer roars )
( groans )
( crowd cheering )
‐ Nanbu: ALL RIGHT!
‐ Sachio: AW, YEAH!
( both laugh )
♪
( no audible dialogue )
( singers vocalizing )
( music only continues )
( music ends )
Nanbu: HEY. ( chuckles )
TEAM NOWHERE!
I GUESS IT'S NOT TERRIBLE.
( Joe chuckles )
NOT TERRIBLE, HUH?
IT'S A HELL OF A LOT BETTER
THAN YOUR IDEA.
( Nanbu grumbles )
WOULD YOU JUST SHUT UP?
( Sachio laughs ) COME ON, POPS.
THINK ABOUT IT.
IT'S PERFECT FOR US.
WE'RE SETTING OUT FROM
A DUMP LIKE THIS WITH NOTHING
AND TRYING
TO GET INTO MEGALONIA.
Joe: JUST GETTING STARTED.
Sachio: SO, POPS,
GOT THE NEXT MATCH SET UP?
THIS IS THE BIG FOURTH FIGHT,
RIGHT?
Nanbu: I'VE GOT IT ALL COVERED.
I PAID A HEFTY FEE
TO GET A PROFESSIONAL IN THE BIZ
TO HELP US OUT A BIT,
ASKED HIM FOR THE TOUGHEST
OPPONENT HE COULD SWING.
‐ ( radio chirps )
‐ OH, SPEAK OF THE DEVIL.
LOOKS LIKE HE CAME THROUGH.
WE'RE ALL SET.
( overlapping chatter )
Man: WELL, WELL,
IF IT ISN'T NANBU.
Nanbu: DON'T ACT SO SURPRISED,
MR. YABUNUMA.
YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT ASKED ME TO MEET YOU HERE,
FOR CRYING OUT LOUD.
( Yabunuma chuckles )
AS PROMISED, I FOUND A GUY.
YOU COULDN'T ASK
FOR A BETTER FIGHTER
THAN THIS ONE, I ASSURE YOU.
Nanbu: HMM.
REMEMBER, I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN ANYONE RANKING 50th OR LOWER.
Yabunuma: I KNOW,
AND I DELIVERED.
HE'S 17th.
Nanbu: 17th! DAMN, MR. YABUNUMA!
I DIDN'T THINK IT'D BE ANYONE
HIGHER UP THAN 30th!
YOU REALLY SURPRISED ME!
LOOKS LIKE I MADE
THE RIGHT CHOICE COMING TO YOU.
( Yabunuma chuckles )
YOU KNOW IT.
EXCEPT, THE THING IS...
THIS WAS ACTUALLY
A REQUEST FROM THE OTHER SIDE.
HE WANTS TO FIGHT
THIS UP‐AND‐COMER OF YOURS,
"GEARLESS" JOE, BAD,
AND I MEAN REAL BAD.
( Nanbu laughs )
SOUNDS LIKE
EXACTLY WHAT WE NEED.
DOESN'T MATTER WHO IT IS.
THE HIGHER THE RANK,
THE BETTER.
SO, TELL ME,
WHO IS THIS GUY, ANYWAY?
Yabunuma: HMM.
AH, SPEAK OF THE DEVIL.
HE SAID HE WANTED
TO GIVE YOU HIS REGARDS,
SO I WAS WAITING
FOR HIM TO SHOW UP.
Nanbu: HMM?
( gasping )
YOU.
Boxer: NICE TO SEE YOU,
COACH NANBU.
♪
Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )